feat(aps): add more bandwidth feature (#5167)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/apple-silicon/how-to/adjust-available-bandwidth.mdx

## Upgrading bandwidth for your Mac mini

Follow these steps to boost the bandwidth of your Mac mini:

1. Navigate to **Apple silicon** under the **Bare Metal** section in the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. This action takes you to the Apple silicon dashboard.
2. Click the server name or the <Icon name="more" /> beside your desired server to access its information page.
3. Click **Settings** to see a list of available configurations. Then click **Manage bandwidth** in the **Public bandwidth** section. A pop-up window appears.
4. Choose the desired maximum bandwidth for your Mac mini. The associated monthly fee displays on the right side of the pop-up.
    <Message type="note">
      The maximum available bandwidth for each Mac mini is determined by the physical conditions of the network card installed, as specified in the offer description.
    </Message>
5. Click **Continue** to confirm your selected bandwidth. A summary of your order displays
6. Click **Update public bandwidth** to initiate the bandwidth upgrade process for your Mac mini.
    <Message type="tip">

>       The initial month's fee for your chosen bandwidth option will be billed prorated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You will be billed a prorated fee for the first month based on your chosen bandwidth option.
```
